Good morning/ afternoon/ evening. We are the SPS team from NMS Grade 8th PDB. We have created a project using google collaboratory through python and html language. 
The google collaboratory notebook consists of 5 interfaces. 
      INTERFACE 1- In the first interface there is a form for the patient to fill. He/she may fill the form in which name
email and contact number. Then they have to select the type of health issue faced by them. They are then suggested a 
specialised doctor to consult. Contact number, address and field in which they are specialized is shown.
      INTERFACE 2- The second interface is the doctor's interface. In this interface the doctor is given the details about 
patient. He then has to select the day, month and year in which he is willing to check the patient. He also may prescribe 
some basic urgent medicines. 
      INTERFACE 3- If the patient is not satisfied with the consultation or is facing some more symptoms. He can fill a 
form in the Third interface. He also may tell other things like wheather he is able to take the doses or any side effects
he is facing.
      INTERFACE 4- The doctor reviews the patients' problems and then will write a detailed presciption in interface 4.
The patient will get to know about the precautions, medicines, etc.
      INTERFACE 5- The interface 5 are the details of THE JAIN AND KUMAR PHARMACY- an idea of a pharmacy that will diliver
medicines to the very doorstep of customers living in distant rural areas. The costumers can easily order by calling, emailing 
or through our website. 

The project can be accessed through google collaboratory (.ipynb) . Python and html are the languages used in this project. Presentation is made on Microsoft Powerpoint
Presentation (2016 version).

Required installations- 
Google Collaboratory (.ipynb) 
Microsoft Powerpoint presentation (2016 version).

TEAM MEMBERS-
Sambhav Jain, Shorya Kumar and Pratyush Jain.





                                 